Welcome!
You’re in the right place if you’re a manager
looking to learn about how to make
responsible use of public funds—for planning, spending and reporting.
There are many reasons why managers like you
might take this course.
You might be a new manager, who’s new at financial delegation
and you need to learn everything there is to know
about your financial responsibilities.
You could be an experienced manager,
but new to government and looking to leverage your experience
by connecting what you already know about finance
to the realm of government.
Maybe you just came back from a parental leave
and you could really use a refresher
on your financial responsibilities
and what might have changed since you left.
Or perhaps you’re an experienced manager in government
and you need to recertify every 5 years
in order to continue exercising your financial delegation.
Maybe you just really want to get to the test!
Whatever brought you here, you’re in charge of your own learning.
Think of this as a “choose your own adventure” kind of experience
and take what you need in order to succeed.
If all you need is to take the test
because you’re already pretty familiar with the content,
then, by all means, start with that.
If you just need an overview or a refresher,
then simply review the key messages of each phase
to get to the key highlights and tools.
You'll also want to make use of the handy features on your screen,
like the toolbox on the top right,
which has tools and resources to help you on the job.
If you’re learning this for the first time, then take the time to go
through each section,
do the in-depth learning activities,
and review the tools and resources.
We promise it’s worth the effort!
You’re probably wondering about the test.
Passing the test for this course is mandatory
before you can exercise financial delegation.
There are three sections to the test—one for each phase:
planning, spending and reporting.
The passing grade is 80% for each of the sections.
Each section should take you around 15 – 20 minutes to complete.
You can access course materials during the test
and you can take it as many times as you need.
In the end, how you use this course is really up to you!
It will remain accessible to you so you can come back to
consult different sections and tools whenever you need on the job!
We’re rooting for you!
Because when you steward public funds well,
you succeed in your career.
And, more importantly,
you serve Canadians well,
with transparency and accountability.
And that’s the bottom line.